This file is to be used as a record of the team meetings (without the partner) we will regularly hold on Thursdays and Saturdays throughout the semester to touch  base.
This file is meant to contain the meeting minutes for all the meetings of the semester in the form of a stack (the first meeting is at the bottom of the file, the most recent meeting is at the top of the file). This stack is to be updated after each meeting.

4/06/2023 (Recurring Weekly Meeting)
    Updating everyone on D4 tasks 
        Write the script sections due Fri before meeting  
    Reminder about office hours with David on Friday
        Front end colours 
        background color: #405c45
        text color: #C4B59B
        the buttons background color is same as text color
        the buttons darker brown color: #241F21
        and nav bar is white
    Backend view/Rest stuff can be removed
        Readme can be reviewed and moved
        delete pycache
        add to gitignore 
    Task breakdown on Notion 
    Handoff email
    Individual activities 
        Peer Review 
        Reflection Survey  


3/30/2023 (D4 Handout Readthrough)
    Talked about Davidâ€™s feedback from D3 presentation 
        UX
        Change colour of frontend manager
        File directory clean up on github
        Add QR instructions on downloadable image 
        ReadMe is too lengthy, divide and carry over to specific sections
    Meet with John to get feedback from him
    Notion tasks created for D4 
    To Do
        Email David about feedback/recording so John can get access 
        Split up tasks:
            Automated testing and Deployment for FE and BE (github actions)
                BE: Tajwaar
                FE-U: Parth
                FE-M: Micheal/Tony/Angad (need to discuss) 
            QR code to include instructions - Michele/Parth
            Park FE manager - Micheal/Tony/Angad (need to discuss) 
            Colour of FE manager - Micheal/Tony/Angad (need to discuss) 
            Restructuring 
                BE: Sam
                FE-U: Parth
                FE-M: Micheal/Tony/Angad (need to discuss) 
            Video script and recording - TBD 


3/29/2023 (D3 Rehearsal)
- Link: 
    - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14_JEcf6IkPbPF1X6nKMcgveBcGSnCMCEuoDxEFHLq-0/edit?usp=sharing
- Practiced and timed our D3 presentation 
- Checked presentation elements with D3 rubric
- Gained familiarity with how we would demonstrate the functionality 
- Presentation starts at 8pm, decided to join Zoom link by 7:50 to be prepared 


3/25/2023 (Recurring Weekly Team Meeting)
- Leave Parks and FE park customization for D4 if needed
- Division of work for D3 can be found on Notion
    - You must add the slides and slide notes for your assigned work


3/16/2023 (Recurring Weekly Team Meeting)
- Changing theme colors for frontend
- Organize FE manager side work for upcoming weeks
- Start working right away on all the final stage MVP features remaining


3/11/2023 (Recurring Weekly Team Meeting)
D2 writeup, people finish parts by Sunday night so that we can review it on Monday
Frontend manager on track for finishing
D3, due to frontend user side likely having less work in the future, we are having a person swap to frontend manager side (Parth)
D3 tasks set up on notion by Michele
 Backend splitting into bench park user app (for audio) and manager app (for authentication)
frontend waiting to hear back from Tony before splitting work
backend split work, on notion, not touching backend deployment before Monday for John's presentation
 finishing readme parts, parts split on notion

3/04/2023 (Recurring Weekly Team Meeting)
    Partner Meeting Debrief:
        Partner liked both FEs, but requested more symbols/icons and less verbosity
        Would like the main icon/symbol on the FEs to change based on the park
            Will need Park objects to have an icon image on Backend
    FE User Team working on fine tuning QR Codes (will hopefully be scannable on any camera app)
    Regarding Audio Contract b/w BE and FE:
        Each bench should have 1 audio rec. per season; FE support for this will come after D2
    Questions for Partner (to be implemented post D2):
        Would they like a change in background based off of the park as well?
    DevOps is fun ðŸ™ƒ


2/25/2023 (Recurring Weekly Team Meeting)
    Discuss D2 handout 
        Due: Mar 10, 11:59PM
    Tajwaar will commit 2 starter files (done)
    How will FE-User connect with BE?
        Create QR code tied with bench 
        FE needs to know what the API calls will look like (parametersâ€¦) to get necessary info from a bench
        Audio image link 
        Audio link?
    FE-Manager and BE both made bench creation, so linking the two isnâ€™t too hard 
    This project will be on the main repo
        Merge the frontends 
        Or separate the three subteams into 3 folders (team prefers this)
    Look into using AWS to deploy React projects 
    BE
        Need to upload audio file and send link to FE-User 
        QR creation 
    FE-Manager
        Need to the api calls to get, create, delete, and edit benches 
    FE-User 
        Need to specify api calls too 
    Integration file needs to be revisited before submission 
    TO DO
        Create D2 folder 
        Put all files onto main repo under sub-folders 
        FE teams communicate what they need from BE 

2/19/2023 (Submission Meeting for A2 group repo)
    Submission for main project report 
    Note for TA:
        Our report is 5 pages with TOC to affirm that itâ€™s less than 4 pages. 

2/18/2023 (Recurring Weekly Team Meeting)
    Went over 2/16 Meeting Minutes with John
    Discussed Admin Account Creation
        Make one admin (superuser on Django); where only admins can make more admins; emails are sent with username + temp password to newly created accounts
    Discussed Backend/Frontend API Communication:
        React framework is able to encode/decode whatever encoding backend does
        Backend team should choose a suitable QR encoding framework (one that includes alpha-neumeric characters and /, :, â€¦); primary/popular choice for Django: QR Code
        Make sure to keep in mind what characters we need in links (with queries in mind) that are to be encoded
    Discussed A2 Group Project Report
        Document link in Discord #links channel
        Division of tasks on Notion/Discord
    Group Meeting tomorrow: https://www.when2meet.com/?18859486-1hx71

2/11/2023
    Pick user stories for each subteam: 
        6.1 Fe-User (parth and tony): 
        6.2 Backend (sam, michele, and tajwaar): 
            As a logged in Park Manager, I want to be able to obtain the QR code corresponding to an existing bench, so that in the case of damages being caused to the existing printed version, I can replace it with a working one + Bench CRUD.
        6.3 Fe-Manager (michael and angad):
    Team Report - 3 sections (< 3 pages)
        3. software architecture diagram and how each component connects to the others.
            Use miro example made in class
    Subteam Report
        Code within separate repo 
    Ask about grace period policies 
    Think of any questions/clarifications for John 

2/4/2023
    Discuss feedback from John with entire team 
    Went over what John liked and didnâ€™t
    Suggestions:
        One bench as multiple audios due to seasonal reasons (still one QR code)
            Have automatic switching between audiios dependent on the dates
    Emphasis on simple interface 
    Front end - USER 
        Text on top too wordy 
        Remove scan button on audio playing screen 
        Remove unnecessary buttons (like arrow on scan screen)
    Backend 
        Generate QR code AND instructions for use 
    Next meeting with John: Feb 15th 

2/2/2023
    Went over proposal, specifically, the mockups, and the user stories, got the following feedback:
        Extra personas for people born in canada, kids, admin?
        Lots of symbols on the design, cut back on word-count
        The QR codes should come with instructions so that people know what to do when they see them
        No scan button on the same screen as the play screen to avoid clutter
        Subject to color changes
    Got approval for the mockups, just need to formalize with proof
    Confirmed he can access the github repo
    They are willing to pay for premium databases, we are to provide the details closer to the release date and then get an estimate on the amount of storage we get
    Other feedback:
        Multiple audios should stored at once for a bench and change automatically based on season


1/28/2023
    Team Meeting to discuss Deliverable 1 (planning.md) 
        Brainstormed personas (3) and user stories (at least 5) 
        Decided on technology stack
        Create helpful diagrams
        Architecture for backend depicting connections between databases, clients, etc. 
    Questions for John
        Usage of the QR codes
            On manager side, they have access to info on audio/link and QR code link 
            Could be a â€œprint pdfâ€ option (or jpeg etc.) 
            When they want to print QR code again, can search for bench and click on download 
            Update the audio is tied to QR code (bench id and QR code stays the same) 
                Maybe change bench name?
    Planning.md TODO 
        1. 
            Parth/Tony - Frontend Mockups (User)
            Michael/Angad - Frontend Mockups (Manager)
        2. Personas (Sam)
        4. User stories (Michele)
        5. Create backend diagram (Michele)
        6. Tajwaar
        7. Why did we all choose our role 
        8. Tajwaar
        9. Angad 
        10. Michael 
    Outlook 
        Get approval for user stories by John (with evidence!) 
        Deployment services to be discussed with John 
            Potentially ask his OPS contact 
        Confirm his account is added to the GitHub 
        Go over Planning.md before due date  

1/25/2023
TODO:
    Make group github
    Give access to partner (John)
    Make group email (will ask TA first)
    Join Project Team 6 on Quercus
    Discuss D1 Handout
    Mockup (mainly frontend teams):
    Figma preferred due to teamwork capabilities
    Individual aspects to be completed separately (in /team/ dir., etc)
    First person to complete their individual sections pushes the relevant file if itâ€™s not made

Things to ask TA (1/26)
    Is a group email necessary for our purposes?
    What should the <tutorial> part in our GitHub repo name be?
    Would it be possible for them to join our Discord for easy communication?

Sub-teams
        Backend: Sam, Tajwaar, Michele
        Frontend (user): Parth, Tony
        Frontend (manager): Michael, Angad

1/20/2023
Most probable rep + PM: Michael
Email creation?
Potential 3-2-2 team split for Ontario Parks Project:
    3 for manager backend
    2 for manager frontend
    2 for user frontend
Weekly recurring meetings: Saturday 3-4PM
STAY AWAY FROM BLOONS TD
Look into Deployment Solutions: GitHub Pages (better versions?), Netlify
